# End-User License Agreement (\"Agreement\")

Last updated: 2025-03-13

Please read this End-User License Agreement (\"Agreement\") carefully
before clicking the \"I Agree\" button, downloading or using the AI
Helper Plugin for MadCap Flare (\"Application\").

By clicking the \"I Agree\" button, downloading or using the
Application, you are agreeing to be bound by the terms and conditions of
this Agreement.

If you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, do not click on the
\"I Agree\" button and do not download or use the Application.

**License**

Sander Improvement Software AB grants you a revocable, non-exclusive,
non-transferable, limited license to download, install and use the
Application strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

**Restrictions**

You agree not to, and you will not permit others to:

a\) license, sell, rent, lease, assign, distribute, transmit, host,
outsource, disclose or otherwise commercially exploit the Application or
make the Application available to any third party.

**Modifications to Application**

Sander Improvement Software AB reserves the right to modify, suspend or
discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Application or any service
to which it connects, with or without notice and without liability to
you.

**Term and Termination**

This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by you or Sander
Improvement Software AB.

Sander Improvement Software AB may, in its sole discretion, at any time
and for any or no reason, suspend or terminate this Agreement with or
without prior notice.

This Agreement will terminate immediately, without prior notice from
Sander Improvement Software AB, in the event that you fail to comply
with any provision of this Agreement. You may also terminate this
Agreement by deleting the Application and all copies thereof from your
mobile device or from your desktop.

Upon termination of this Agreement, you shall cease all use of the
Application and delete all copies of the Application from your mobile
device or from your desktop.

**Severability**

If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable or
invalid, such provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish
the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under
applicable law and the remaining provisions will continue in full force
and effect.

**Security**

The Application is designed to store data on your local device. Only
minimal information is collected for license validation and updates,
ensuring that your data remains on your computer without unnecessary
transfers to external servers.

**Indemnification**

The Licensor agrees to indemnify the Licensee for such costs that the
Licensee incurs due to a final judgment or in a settlement, which has
been approved in writing by the Licensor, pertaining to any third-party
claims based on the Licensee's use of the License Object, or part
thereof, within Sweden and any other countries established in the
License Agreement, that infringes on such third party's intellectual
property rights. However, the Licensor\'s aggregate and total liability
under the License Agreement for one or more events or series of events,
whether connected or unconnected, is restricted to a total amount
equivalent to the lesser of: i) twenty-five percent (25%) of the license
fee payable during the term of the License Agreement; or ii) five times
the base amount under the Swedish Social Insurance Code (2010:110) at
any given time.

**Amendments to this Agreement**

Sander Improvement Software AB reserves the right, at its sole
discretion, to modify or replace this Agreement at any time. If a
revision is material we will provide at least 5 days\' notice prior to
any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be
determined at our sole discretion.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED \"AS IS\", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

I**cons by **

**CommonMark.NET License**

Copyright (c) 2014, Kârlis Gaòìis

All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without

modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

\* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright

notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

\* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright

notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the

documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

\* Neither the name of Kârlis Gaòìis nor the names of other contributors

may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software

without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS \"AS
IS\" AND

ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED

WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE

DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY

DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES

(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES;

LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED
AND

ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR
TORT

(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
THIS

SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
